> The current GOP Leader Cain has almost no money when compared to GOP or previous DNC campaigns.

He also hasn't won.  He also hasn't made any political change.  If he's able to change things for the better when/if he gets into office then I will concede your point.

> You really think "EAT THE RICH" and "KILL CAPITALISM" are new ideas?

Where did I say they were?  I was listing some things I've seen personally at the rallies I attended.  It was meant to exemplify the diverse ideologies represented by the one unifying concept, that our political process is too influenced by wealth.  As to you linking those chants with my suggestion that we are now having a conversation about wealth's influence on our system, that was not what I was referring to.  I was referring to the fact that the core message of political inequality is being talked about.  Some, such as yourself, will point to the immature slogans and ideas and dismiss the movement entirely because of it.  Yet others will actually identify with the core frustrations and will become inspired to be more involved.  Whether that involvement is simple conversation or direct democratic action, it is all a net positive.

> I keep hearing this, but I fail to see any reason to try and discern the connection between a bunch of random opinions from people who are willing to sleep in a park for 2 months and counting.

The connection isn't really that hard to discern if you take your cynic hat off and put on your empathy hat.  If you want a reason to do so, I can't give you one.  That reason is something that comes from within, a desire to understand people before dismissing them as useless.  Recognizing that you are a part of a society that is comprised of a diverse collection of people who don't all think and communicate the same way you do is something we must all do.  It's good to stand by your principles, but don't let that get in the way of understanding other people's motives and intent.

> No it isn't. It isn't indirectly, and it is obvious to us both that it isn't a direct protest either. It is simple class warfare at it's finest.

I only said indirectly because it seemed you were discerning between protests that are localized to government owned areas.  Now I do acknowledge there isn't a direct petition for a specific action, but these protests are as much for our politicians as they are for the people in the streets.

> It's weird to me that you think claiming a public park for your commune is a form of free speech.

Voicing your opinion in a public arena, how is that not free speech?  I genuinely believe you're being deliberately ignorant of this movements purpose when you say things like this.

> 